Have you ever told a friend that you hate homosexuality?
Would he tell you that he's homophobic because you've seen him live with his same sex partner?
Does anyone know this person did this murder?
What did the shooter know about this person? 2. Are they affiliated with a local or national police department?
Do you hold a different religious identity than other people in this house?
What exactly is a Jewish Sabbath?
If a person has an objection to what I've said about gay marriage, does this really make them think that I've said something I don't?
How would you describe your sexual orientation?
Will you be in the same neighborhood as a guy in your 20s?
Is it an act, a love interest, or a love interest or do you just feel like there's something wrong with you?
Do you support the current issue of gay marriage with a national, political cause that works for you?
When are you going to talk about or explain how this is going to affect your job prospects and personal life?
Do you want to talk about who you are or how you were raised?
Where are we now on this issue or on this issue?
What are your religious beliefs?
Have these relationships been reported or has there been a documented increase in their frequency since you transitioned from male to female?
How much did you spend on self-medication to "control myself"?
What do you think of my current friends in the community and my community?
What is your personal belief system?
What's your favorite part about your life?
What do you like most about the job (e.g. getting a job) or experience with your family (e.g. being married)?
At some point in your life did you become sexually aroused and/or had feelings of ejaculation?
What is a regular role model for children?
When did you get married?
What is the typical social context and background in which you live after moving to Arizona from Georgia?
Are you against the "right" sexual orientation to exist or is it an inherent or inherent part of God's plan if homosexuality and/or pornography exist?
Do you believe in God?
What does a man ever say to his wife at least once a week?
I do not have a penis and am not allowed to have any sexual relations with other men. Will I lose my job or stay in school again?
What is your worst fear, any other fears?
Why do you want to run from your friend who is sitting in your driveway?
Do you want to talk to the woman you'd date if she was not a girl?
Can he take photos of others?
What is your personal history with you and what you see as your sexual identity?
Has the guy ever smoked marijuana during sex or were you under the influence of an illegal substance?
If you can do anything about that, what would you do differently to avoid it?
You were drunk. What is the last thing you do when you sleep?
Have you heard from these same friends since then or do they have memories?
What if the cops find out and you know they were wrong?
What if your sister gets a call from you telling her your brother committed suicide?
What do you think they think about you during your meetings with other gay activists?
What are your reactions when they are asked what you like and dislike about men?
Would you ever like to buy a sex act out of their vagina?
Are you a bad person?
If so, what kind of man is he?
Does this guy look like John Stamos?
How do you feel about all of your best friends after they leave home with your parents' last names and the one name on their last passport?
How do you feel about one of the friends who left the house on Halloween with no explanation?
What are the best times to see friends and family with you?
What did you do when you came into the room? How did you feel when you stepped into your bed?
How did you feel when you got into bed? When did you think you were ready or uncomfortable?
How will you feel when you come out that you're gay or that you're not?
Will you go over and put the penis down. Will it hurt? Will it make you uncomfortable?
How does he look like who he is?
Why do they like him so much?
Why is it so difficult for them to identify with him?
Is he gay? How does you know, say, that it's not legal to shoot him?
How did you react when someone brought you your penis?
Did you think about trying a different way to masturbate?
Would you describe how the penis felt?
How did you escape from the shooting, and why? How long did it take?
How did your body shake when it entered my room?
Did you know that when you opened your door, you could hear everyone else, including strangers, crying. If so, what is your explanation for this?
What the heck did they have that we now know is true?
Why did you get shot by a random stranger? Is this just a case of a kid shooting and then getting hurt in front of other people?
Why do you think this person was going to die and then be shot by a stranger?
Did you go near a shooting victim during the shooting? Are you sure if you did?
If they saw you in the hallway, would they think you were crazy, or not?
Do you still remember anything you recall? Do you think you still feel like someone, or how did you deal with being around other people?
Do you ever remember looking at me in the direction I am?
Is that what you are doing?
What is a crime in this nation?
When is the last time you used a tool that was supposed to protect you? How will it be when you get fired if no one will be around to help?
How did your husband or sister get fired from work? How will it be when your wife dies?
How are your children going to feel if you leave them home alone and do drugs or alcohol with no warning?
Do you trust and trust your friends, or do you rely on them because of fear?
Why do all these black objects appear like small animals and not a big animal? Are they just too old for this kind of behavior?
You said if you had access to an electric wheelchair, and your hands were on the end of somebody's legs, and he had their backs to you, how would you say, "No, no, no, no"?
What is the best technique you ever used to defeat a bully. And what was your most difficult move of the game?
I see you guys on Facebook, how many people do you share a picture of your sister wearing a fake mask?
Did you go to your birthday party and have a "Naked Girl" poster? What other people's faces were posted on it?
Has anybody ever said "I like your hair, it's fine for my head" and never asked for any information?
What is your average level of sleep time and sleep duration? Why is that?
Did you wake up suddenly during a night out to wake your girlfriend up, or do you just sleep in your living room or something in the corner?
Will you remember your room, name, phone number or place of employment?
What happens at the party that happened to you?
Why does your father/mother take care of you?
What does the hell happened to you when you were out of your parents money?
How did you feel when you ran out of the bedroom door?
Why did you get out of your dress or pants?
What was the point in having your partner in your world if you had just one?
Can you imagine a man who was drinking, urinating and masturbating in our basement? Why?
What happened after the shooting?
Who knew what happened?
Why did you take your phone and put it against your stomach?
How did you feel when you left your room?
How did you feel when your friends and family moved into your room?
Which of the following applies to you?
If you're the victim, do you feel like you were victimized?
Now then, why did you move back into the bed?
What would you tell someone in the room?
How many times were there that night and did you want to go back there?
Are you a closeted homosexual?
What are your sexual orientation status?
How many tears did they shed on you on that night without you knowing?
How did you feel when you opened your pants?
What happens when your penis starts sticking out?
How did you feel when your partner was using you? How was it getting hard when your partner did it?
What was your experience with the two young men who had taken their guns with them?
Do you experience any flashbacks or mental changes of any kind?
Have you ever found the time you wanted to go on a date and had no other desire to go on it but felt like it was too late?
What's your typical day? Why do you wake up for work on a good day?
How does a normal person respond when people are around you?
How does a normal person react when people have a conversation?
How do normal people react when adults are together?
What other topics are you interested in?
Where do you live?
Do people care about your body or health (even if they don't have the tools to live it) without being a bit gay or straight?
Does this guy get pregnant when you use anal intercourse?
Why do I often assume that my male sexual partners will not have a child out of wedlock, and that if I'm forced to do so, "if my father had a penis, he would be fine with it." What do I think about how the government should operate in this instance?
Is this person not a decent person, or a decent neighbor?
How do I get advice from a man or woman on how to treat me if I tell them it's ok to have sex with me?
What happens when you ask to have sex with me while drunk?
Should you be allowed to have sex with your partner?
What if there's a trans person on the island?
What did the first man you met tell you about marriage? What?
What about women? Why don't they see it like a movie where everyone is married?
Did it take you until age 22 when you really, really grew up?
How would you define "breathtaking" in the world of sex?
What is your sexual preferences?
What are your hobbies?
What is the exact size of a penis or vagina you're erect or had?2. How do they feel when you use them?3. Does this guy even look like a man?4. What do you think women do, really — or lack thereof?5. What are your beliefs and attitudes on the gay marriage issue?6. What would you change if you were the king of the homosexuals that you are?
What do you think about trans women's bodies?
What is the typical level of condom use among men before becoming gay?
How did your condom company become so successful in making some of the most effective condoms ever?
What makes you want to get married, how to start a new life, what you feel you should be able to do for yourself, how you're comfortable in your marriage, etc.?
Have any other questions or suggestions you'd like to add?
What are you currently wearing?
How many hours do you have per week to work on your new job?
How much do you work per week on your new job?
How many times do you usually have to get up, lie down or stay inside to pee?
How often do you do laundry while masturbating?
Is there anything else you could do besides watch TV, read books, use your phone, watch documentaries, do anything else you want?
How long does your sex life take?
Do you even get married?
What are your thoughts on legalizing gay marriage?
What type of condom do you use? How long you use a condom can you take?
Why do you ask those questions to strangers?
How can you stay anonymous with people you've never known before?
How do they get on your neck when you touch them?
How often do you use them?
What if someone took your penis away from you and you got hurt?
What's your favorite show on Netflix, Hulu or YouTube?
What was your favorite moment from your life that caught my attention from the news?
Where do you stand on gay marriage?
How do you deal with those who are questioning why people do or don't like gay people? Is it because they believe they're not God or maybe they're gay, or maybe they just don't have the spirit or will to marry because they are gay or not gay?
Who wants my daughter to know that he is my brother?
Who would you take out that he has a cock as an instrument of conquest? Why should a man let his wife know that their son and daughter have a wife?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Do they give a whole heck of a lot of advice about this issue?
Is it legal or not not legal to live in a gay church for a whole fucking year?
Who is most comfortable with those two things?
Does I have any other information regarding my past sexual activity to share about this?
Did you know you had a man's hair removed from your genitalia while you were a boy?
How much do you give at least $100 to someone for making fun of you?
How can you explain that person's homosexuality is part of the brain to you, which is why they do not have any mental structure? Do you have a theory that explains why they are attracted to men or women?
How do you feel about the "bathroom bill" law going forward?
What would you like to encourage a transgender individual to do to make a meaningful difference to his/her community?
Do I have to prove I've cheated on my spouse (or have her had sex prior to marriage) or do I have to prove I've got no idea he's not the "sweetheart" in my life?
What are the main attractions your dad mentioned?
Why aren't you doing more activities?
What would a person know about a gay person to say about yourself if asked?
What are your life goals?
If is this guy, what does "marriage" mean for him, or should he simply be out there and do that until someone asks him to? How do you know if something's wrong or not, etc.?
Is this guy really a pedophile?
What do you know about the sexual orientations of these guys?
Who's the man who's going to be their best friend?
Was this guy my best friend, a friend more important than anyone else?
What is the price I would pay to be with you?
I remember that you said that you believed that people shouldn't have gay sexual behavior. How do you think this applies to people with homosexual urges to men and women?
Do you remember one time you used a condom? This happened two years ago. Should I use it again?
Do you feel that there is a chance of people using the new method in order to make women use their powers as men?
When does it start?
Which of those questions is correct?
Should I ask that question more frequently than once?
If your kids live with other people, should their teachers or parents let them go?
How often is this type of cock raised in the closet during the week?
What is the most common reason for the penis missing?
How is this penis made?
Is it a vaginal organ? Or do the skin on the penis or vagina have a penis inside or outside it?
Do you have other genital organs or is it just a little different in size?
What do you think is the most important thing in your life?
What was your reaction to witnessing all of this?
Would you like to know if anyone else in the room at this moment is there with a gun or a knife or has a weapon attached?
Does this guy have any special needs for you, other guys, or women that affect him?
Do you know how much your penis or vagina and other parts will need in the future?
How much does this guy weigh?
How was your time at work?
Do people think you're super sexy because of your penis or vagina?
How much time does it take you to get clean after taking in the first and second shots? How does the procedure leave a residue of urine on your penis and vagina?
Do you have a doctor order any tests for semen or other substances in your penis during a night out, like having a test tube?
What kind of dick and if it happens at all?
How often do you think it takes a woman about eight minutes, and do you think this happens for any other time?
Do you feel like your penis makes your wife laugh/play with at all?
Have you ever thought of shaving your hand of the hand that had been made so large in case it had been exposed?
What will you do once you're 20?
Do you use anything except condoms when trying to reach men in bed?
What would become of the penis? How can it be saved?
If you are still having sex and you feel tired, how are you going to continue doing it?
If you are going to do it again in a few months' time...do you want that to happen in the next few months or do you want it to continue for a set number of months?
Did this guy ever penetrate you on purpose?
Did your penis ever become tight (like a man would)?
Do you notice any kind of bumps on your bum?
Where should I find additional documents?
What do I need to bring along to view this?
Will you eat with him or with you?
Will you sleep on your bed with him?
Will you wake with him and get naked? Or is he alone?
How much did this guy's wife spend on food? How much of that went to his car?
Why do you think you're a good candidate for the "Sexiest Man Alive" award?
When should people get off track when they get off track, if at all?
Am I ok with a guy going off track or will men be okay with it?
Who, what, when, when? Can he stop being angry? Will he continue to be a man?
Can others get my name or address from that phone number I send you for this question so that they can find you soon?
How can I avoid the dreaded "tape trick"?
Is there a safe place on my head to be, besides a dressing room?
Can I wear long hair if my head is too long to be covered as long as I want it to?
If my penis or vagina is bigger than what I can be, am I okay with it?
Is this all he is?
What is the person's name?
If I have a certain kind of sexual interest in him, when I have anal sex, who do I get sex with?
Is he a hot chick?
Is his pussy big?
Can they use the words "I suck you, I don't have any control over you," or "you are my first man, I should have been a girl and you are my first man" in your own words?
Is it really like this? Is it the next question I'd take off my mind?
Is this guy really sexy? How sexy he is?
How should I explain this to each of myself?
How should I say hello to this guy?
If I want to have sex with this big guy, I must get some sort of special treatment after I was told by another patient that he must. Was it okay that I had to get a big test after the procedure?
Is the exam more important than how long you were in there? If so, what was in it for?
If my answer is a "yes" and his answer is "no", why does him feel bad about my "no" answer?
Should he be ashamed of his penis if he was erect?
Is being "protest worthy" even worth my time or money?
Who do you think your penis will look like on a dick? Which penis will look even better off having someone else? What happens now when someone asks, "What do you want me to do with it?" What's in this post for you?
Will you ever look on a computer screen and look at a computer screen where we all look at each other and wonder if we are the same men?
How do you remember who asked you to tell the truth?
Will you ever tell your mother about what you have ever gone through?
Have I ever been told about these things, or other people's?
Do I really need to ask this or ask this?
Can I get some sex education, or will that have to be done before going on?
What do you see when you're asking a question and you can't answer any questions right away?
What do you see when you're asked to "hold up" if it doesn't answer correctly and then you give up or say something. Is the person sitting there asking questions but simply looking at the screen or feeling uncomfortable? Have you ever seen a blind person, in this respect?
Do you have any specific answers you'd like everyone to answer?
How do you deal with the question of your religion? Should you follow it, or should you stay, or let the world rest in peace?
What is your typical sex life?
Did you have a special relationship and/or social class with your father, mother, brother, grandma, grandkid or sibling in other religions?
Do you ever get married or are there any gay couples out there in your life?
What is the main reason you came to the United States as a Muslim?
Did you mention that one person said you were the baddest on the planet?
Were these people atheists?
What is your understanding on the subject?
How are you going to deal with this guy?
Do you think this dude is doing something wrong?
Are you okay with this man, are you ready to shoot at him?
Do people have "normal" faces? Why is black people different?
If Muslims were to be in the United States and they are of a similar age, is "average" Muslims too similar?
Would your mother or father be different from a typical Muslim?
Do you have any favorite religions?
Have you heard of a "gay" or "straight" person who looks like God?
Would you rather be part of a group of gays with your friend or someone else who is a certain type of person or group of people?
Did you know that certain Israeli women have been raped or beaten by the Israeli army?
Who are you when I'm saying that God isn't the "good guy" or "bad guy" and the state's justice system has failed women of color, and women in military or law enforcement?
Is there a God that can create things for me such that I have to ask and make my own choices?
Has anyone ever had some trouble with the rules of the community or with you to be trusted?
Have you ever held a position of power with other people?
Has anyone ever held power in the same manner?
Has anyone ever had power with you at one time at one point as well?
Have people called you names to get permission to see people?
What is the most normal trait in a straight male?
What is your favorite drink?
Does a woman need to show her head to man or does a woman need to lie on the floor to be able to reach a gun?
What is a normal and normal person with normal feet?
What do you think is wrong?
Do you consider yourself conservative during your college years?
What was your experience as a black student before you became gay?
If there is any sort of problem in your life, how did you deal with it?
Do they always get in touch at the hospital, or the bar or the beach while traveling on the road? What are their romantic encounters and what do they say about each other?
Has an issue with any kind of sexual misconduct been discussed before?
What do they have on their plates?
What does the next step of the process look like?
What do you think should be prohibited on this country's university campuses?
Do you support the ban on gay marriage?
How do you feel about the military's use of force against the gay community?
What type of life are you comfortable with?
If you had to choose between being a lawyer or a civil servant, what would you choose?
Are you a good person (or people?) if you agree with your views on gay marriage?
Do those that are gay people or LGBT identify with you, do they have any issues with people of all creeds or orientations and is that really true?
Do you like the video for the video?
How can you help raise money for a local organization that does not condone the shooting?
What do you think about the current status of gay marriage in Australia? Would you not move to a gay marriage state?
Why is a person's sexual activity so important to you?
What are your values and the church you attend?
What do you think about transgender equality?
Which of the following suggestions would be an effective way to deal with this issue?
If you can help people find what they need, what can you do?
How would you feel if you saw some black people doing something so offensive, so offensive, that people would think of you as somehow evil?
What is your experience of this?
What is your moral background? or what is your view on marriage equality?
Does this guy even look like a man?
Did he wear anything but a dress last night?
Did he eat anything else he wanted at the moment he was shot?
Did he drive a car at the moment he was shot?
Is there a way to help? Should I let him see what looks like what before or after photos?
Are they afraid in their hearts that God will let them get away with this?
What do your partners think of you?
Are your parents supportive?
How did they feel when they turned you on?
What were you wearing when you were shot?
What do you remember about the day before this shooting? How did you react?
What is the exact location of your "house"?
What is your religion like?
Have any of you observed any kind of violence within your household or family for at least two years and still have no idea what sparked your reaction to the shooting?
What would your wife or girlfriend like to share about how she got involved in the shooting?
How do you get your dick in there, without thinking about being in or out of it?
What type of clothing are you wearing?
Has your boyfriend taken any medications?
Is there anything that should be done about smoking or drinking at work?
And what was the exact point of the shooting?
Anything else so I can take my time and remember a bit more?
What's the most interesting thing about this man?
What is he like as a man?
What was that guy's name, and how exactly did he look like?
In what religious tradition did you believe?
What about the Bible?
Will you see a therapist soon? Who is your sex partner on any number of occasions?
Is there a religious bias in how they use or find their way in your room?
Are you an atheist, gay, bisexual, Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist or whatever?
What is your favorite religion?
Have you ever been told to stop talking about your penis?
Are there any pictures of your penis or vagina to take into account?
Where do you see your vagina (or anus) when you're having sex?
Why do you have this weird, tight anus on your body?
What's the difference between your normal and abnormal penis and vagina?
How does your vagina look like when you're inside a vagina?
Has anyone seen the shot or heard about it but never asked the questions?
What have your parents done to stop this person?
Did you ever get a tattoo on your penis?
Did you experience any kind of violence or harassment?
If you have a vagina, are there any signs of sex, or are you having sex?
If you have a vagina, are there any signs of menstruation, or are you getting pregnant?
How did she get this dick into her mouth?
Is there a penis on her face?
What is your "exposure history"?
How many minutes do you spend naked between bed time and when you awoke?
What do your tattoos look like?
Does this guy have an erection, are you circumcised, or do you have an orgasm?
What does it measure, compared to the circumference of the penis or the length of the vagina?
How much does a penis or a vagina vary between 1 inch and 3 inches?
How many different sensations do people get each day?
Do you have a "gut" in your system?
When did your erection get formed?
Can you move about with your body and move without difficulty?
Do you have sex if you have a partner on day one?
Are you a big drinker? How did you use that?
Would this boyfriend or girlfriend know what was going on here??
How do you think that you can survive a shoot in front of a mirror so the shooter never sees it?
Would you ever consider leaving the school for any other purpose outside your own house?
Do you find that you don't have to sleep under covers when you get to school?
Are you carrying any items for your family?
When was the last time you went hiking in the mountains because your parents couldn't find you in time?
Where was your favorite place to sit in the sun because it gave you plenty of time off with friends?
Why were you so obsessed with that woman?
How old are you?
Did you have any sexual inhibitions?
If it seemed like you'd been sexually assaulted, do you think it would be safer to go to school with just the girls on the waiting list?
When doing anything, what is the best possible precaution that your life might be in risk?
Do they seem a bit scared or ashamed?
Does this guy know exactly where he is?
Do you like all the clothes your other roommate has put on him?
Do you like all your clothes on him personally?
Are you very fondled by him?
Are there any visible burns on his body?
Have any wounds?
Do you have any evidence of previous sexual contact with him?
What does he do right now? What's his opinion about him and that he would prefer to be quiet and calm on a daily basis?
How did you shoot this scene? Did you tell anyone with your description?
If it has any male characteristics, how much, what, or what is wrong with you?
Is it the only thing that bothers him right now?
Are you doing chores so that he doesn't have to make any effort?
How does this guy have your sex organs in his mouth, feet?
What were your childhood friends who were involved in the shots? What were the major and minor issues?
What happened to your genitals?
Have you ever used birth control?
Which of the following do you consider to be "real" sex acts?
Have you stopped to watch the movie "The Shawshank Redemption"?
Why did you put this information to the public and didn't you think it would help the community, especially if it came as a shock?
What was your last name?
Have you ever had your own mental health issues?
Why do you never leave your bedside where your cock is touching your girlfriend before leaving?
How long has that been since you got in love?
Why did you come to the hospital before leaving? What is your doctor recommendation to have an abortion?
Where is the bathroom, what's the bathroom break and what's the reason for your visit?
What kinds of things do people have in common? How often do they get off a vehicle?
What do you tell your partner when he or she masturbates in front of you? Are they getting more or less pleasure if he/she uses them, or are they getting more or less pleasure if he/she doesn't use them?
For how long are you wearing these clothes?
Has that ever taken less than 4 days in the past?
How many different ways in which this normal, normal facial hair was used?
Do you have an abnormal facial hair?
What is the time you actually sleep?
What type of medications are in your body?
Have you ever had an allergic reaction or a reaction to caffeine?
Do you feel more relaxed or irritable because of the violence I've been exposed to, the pain I go through every day, the feeling of anger and disgust as the photos that are on the wall of time, the anger and disgust towards the person I'm holding responsible when I try to act out when my situation has grown exponentially?
What is your favorite part of your body?
What are some "closest things" you have in your hands before you leave to use them?
What is normal and normal in a relationship?
Has a wife married to me?
Am I attracted to men who are different from me?
Does your partner have any type of relationship with you?
What kind of advice and advice would you give to a person whose penis looks more like a vagina, not one that just looks normal?
How do you feel when you are aroused?
Should you go outside with your children and let them touch you?
What if I don't like it?
Do you drink or drive or use drugs or do you go out and socialize with others?
How long do you have sex, eat, sleep or sleep?
What are your current preferences and lifestyle choices?
Who did you kill?
What have you been doing on the bathroom floor, kitchen floor, bedroom (or bedroom of your choice) ever since you started masturbating?
What am I going to do to your penis right after every morning or even every night?
What would you like to say to me right after a shot of my semen?
What kind of body do you like to be naked in? What type of underwear do you like to wear?
If you have been on your knees, will you always lie on your back while your penis and vagina are stretched, stretched or stretched or whatever you like?
Have you ever had blood in your vagina or elsewhere. Has it touched your penis while you were driving down the street then you were holding a gun back and shot dead on camera?
What about the other kids who say the same thing?
You have never worked off a penis. Does the thought of being on your side affect you?
Have you changed the size of your penis/vagina since you were 21, or are those very few, perhaps less than 20, even shorter now?
Are any of you ever sexually active like in the past and do you ever find that any of it gives you pleasure?
Is your vagina a clitoris or is it not?
Can you tell when there are any holes on your vagina and that it is not like you used to have on an average night?
What is your sex life like/have been like recently?
What is your best day of any day?
Did they see you on the set of an upcoming movie or the DVD or TV show?
What's your date's name and why or why not?
How many rounds per minute should I start a game?
Is there anything you didn't expect that I never expected?
Do they ever call out when you are asleep to the music they usually play when you're at work and to what frequency?
Are they always with you after work on Saturdays nights?
Do they always come to check with you in this room on a regular basis on the evening of this month day or every other day?
Do you have girlfriends now and do you ever talk to them? And what the hell is their name?
What sort of a guy do they have for dinner?
What kind of an animal do they have?
How can they explain to you what all of these things mean to the viewer?
What's their exact age?
How's their hair done?
Which other people look like us?
When the phone rings and how can you help?
How much time did you last with your wife, but what were they going to think?
Have you ever worn a wig on your face?
Which hair type of hair is your favorite?
In what way and/or fashion do you agree with the general perception of what goes on in your head?
Have they ever been on drugs?
Have they ever been depressed?
Have you ever been pregnant?
What if you had to go through two different things to make this request?
How many men were killed in all of 2013 in Utah alone?
How many of these injuries (from broken shoes or broken arms) have you ever seen, but no one was in the hospital at the time/in the hospital at that time? And what were their ages?
Do they still use their penis to satisfy you?
How do you feel when you're in a situation where something makes you feel a thing, or when you see what you are thinking?
Do they still suck you and you don't want to suck them?
How did you get this unusual looking face?
What is the exact size of your penis or vagina?
Did you actually get it from a woman who was in your room with you?
If so, how much did it cost you to produce and bring it to your own apartment?
What are their body standards for the time periods when they have sex?
How do they feel when you get a lot of different and unique facial hair?
Should you ask anyone to bring you a hand sanitizer, or a lubricant? What is the safest way to use the hand sanitizer, if any?
Has your ex also told you that her vagina would stop working when you're done masturbating?
Does your ex also want to play with you and have you masturbate?
Do you like your vagina bigger when you use them?
What kind of stimulation do they try to get when you do this?
Where did you get your penis or vagina from?
How long have I been with this guy? Where?
How long have you guys known this guy?
What does he do to you that we don't know?
Are you wearing headphones or a recorder?
Have you ever touched your genitals or vaginal area when you were drunk?
Did you do anything inappropriate before?
If you answered this question, could your partners know that you are masturbating?
If you answer this question, could your partners know you are masturbating?
Where did you get your first guns or what is the serial number of your weapon?
Are you armed?
Will you return the handgun?
What is your street address (if any) and how many times have you been that street where you use your sex toy or toy shop?
Have you eaten today yet? If yes, would you like a quick bite?
Would you like to play? If yes, what time would you stay there, when I came out, what time would you be in the gym that day next?
Is it getting warmer now or would you like to see more sunlight?
What are any questions you want me to ask?
What are any questions you need someone to ask you before the surgery?
What is not in your house?
What age is right?
When to leave? How long is this before you leave your room?
Who are you holding your breath after? Are you trying to hold a phone while holding down your phone?
How long have you been wearing your shirt?
Does your boyfriend and her boyfriend know you personally?
How much alcohol did you ever smoke and what did you drink?
Was your mother ever raped? What were the last two rapes you knew?
Which of the following are popular?
How important is sex?
What does it mean to get all your penis from every single single one of your body parts?
Do you feel better afterwards?
Are you feeling okay with the fact that you are now 40 or less, or the fact that your penis or vagina is still attached to almost everything?
What kinds of sex products do we use to get into anal sex?
What do you do when you are trying to get aroused while having sex?
What are some drugs you take and what do you consume that cause a sudden increase in your erections?
Does this guy do well with or with small children?
How much blood and vomit does this guy leave on the shooting scene?
What type of toys are your children playing with?
How much do they like taking the shot, if any?
Have they ever been in a fight with a guy in the shooting scenes?
Do they keep you at their home all the time?
Do they tell you about their wedding party?
Do they ever have any sex or have sex with you?
What is their age? If you have, and they know you can control it, what is the potential risk? Is it safe to insert your penis outside the vagina, or outside the body?
What other genitals does he have?
Will he be wearing different underwear in the future? Can he use a tampon?
Why do your sex life, body and mind so much different?
Are you getting better and better at what you think you are doing, or are you doing it on purpose because you're not feeling good?
When did you get to that point where you wanted more than anything other than it?
How many rounds of bullets are taken every minute or two of every day, how many times per hour are those bullets stored in a gun?
What's going on with the sex you have at this point?
What do you think the last four or five days would be like if it wasn't for the shootings?
What would you do if you found out that the police had been notified of your movements because of your last known behavior?
Have you ever seen a man get on, hit his head, vomit, groggily or even run, as his penis looks really hard?
Have you ever seen a person break down on the floor, literally crying, or even in tears when you put their fingers in their balls?
How often do you clean out your bedroom, bathroom and bed?
Why are you doing this with penis toys?
What is the difference between sex toys (cocks or balls?) and toys using toilet paper?
If you were to have sex, where are the best things to do, what would they be?
Can anyone tell you how to deal with you or anything to do with you if he is in the wrong?
How much weight does the head have?
Is the penis bigger by far nowadays or by small?
Do the other parts of the body smell better or worse because its easier to get erect or not?
Is there a penis replacement rule for you?
Does the body part that needs changing be sterile or not?
What are the laws for penis augmentation in the U.S.?
Is there any other Christian god associated with this tragedy or has this guy been associated with the wrong God?
In what possible way can you live in a community where this is happening?
Have any of your neighbors tried to kill you?
What about their other religious affiliation?
Would you say if you had sex, you still would feel like you were gay?
Is this guy getting married, or is he just a man?
Do you believe in the sanctity of marriage?
Do you believe in marriage for all faiths?
What's your favorite type of car?
Do you believe that God or Muhammad exists?
Do you think people who claim to be God, or who have never heard of God, are lying?
Do you believe (or believe again, no doubt) the Second Amendment, especially when it comes to the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitutive Powers Clause?
Why do you think that gay people should be allowed at all times at the school or the church?
Do you see any reason why you should have people in your home at all times?
What did you believe as far back as your teens? How many sexual partners did you have?
What are some other religious or cultural beliefs that you might relate to?
What would you do if you met a person with AIDS and had to put their hands up for an interview? Are there any guidelines out there for that?
Do you consider LGBTI rights a good thing?
What's next for you at this point? You're going to have to decide for yourself. Do you have any particular fear that has happened where you were sitting across from someone with HIV?
What are you and your religion's beliefs about homosexuals right now?
How many churches do you think there are outside of the religious community?
How likely is it that the majority of people would think the Bible is the true text of the Bible? Do you think it is? Would this have a huge impact on you?
What type of weapon is your favorite?
What is your favorite type of movie or show?
Have you ever seen any other types of video games besides video games?
Do you believe those people with the most guns will keep them out of jail?
Are you a believer or a skeptic about the existence of God and the Bible?
Do you believe this or that Bible's claim of omnipotent man?
What is your religion in life?
Why do you prefer to see people married in a gay wedding ceremony when they can see heterosexual one?
Do you have any religion you would like to keep away from your friends?
What was your name or the religion you believed at the time?
What would you do if things were going your way again?
What is his penis color, size and markings?
Does his penis extend or extend further than an erect penis when his erection is more fully erect?
Do they like people who are in their 20s?
Is there any question how were you prepared to have sex when I was in the room with people, but I said it wasn't necessary?
How often do you watch movies with your penis around other people's bodies or on your body when you're aroused?
What kind of sex are you most engaged with when you're awake?
What type of relationship do you have with someone who you know does not have an erection?
What would any of your pictures look like if they had any normal picture prints. How long do they stand for when they stand? How long do you know to kiss them?
What would they do if they got drunk because you took a picture of their nipples?
If it was a day, month, or year ago, if did you ever wonder, how you can get such an answer?
What is your best way to have sex when you're drunk and tired?
Did you get dressed (for the crime? for business?) during your attack?
Do they feel your hands when they're touching and rub them, what muscle is there at the base of your thighs and upper thighs, how are they feeling if they kiss and rub and hold you, where does their genitals are located?
How would you explain this to someone like yourself?
What does "not a man" read like?
What color is her face? Her red locks?
What are your thoughts after seeing you?
What is the exact thing you wear to get rid of it?
Will your erector feel any better after you go to bed?
Why were the girls so surprised at the incident you mentioned?
And I am sure that they're all looking to date you; is it just that I'm only being polite by talking to them about this, or will they go forward and lie to you?
Do you have to wear a makeup of any sort?
Do you have a history of addiction?
Do you have any health warnings?
Is there a prescription for ejaculation for you that has been administered? or are there any medical procedures that your doctor has listed on the website?
Does that mean that a doctor could tell if something is a "normal" erection or a "normal" vagina or a "normal" penis?
I have this question all the time since I was a little kid! Where are you going with that question? What's your answer to it?
What if, instead of getting a large erection, everyone just uses it for making fun of you?
Are they gay or straight?
How does this person live with, and that person who is gay is at least 14 years old?
Why did you leave the room without telling the security guard you were there when he came at you?
Why do girls often avoid doing things like this?
Do guys always get away with this kind of behavior?
Is this guy gay? What's his profession?
Are you attracted to other men? What are your typical sexual orientation/gender?
Do you have a boyfriend (or girlfriend) who you talk to regularly? Is this guy male? Is this guy also a virgin in this world?
What type of clothing do you like to wear?
How was the shooting the same that you were going through yesterday? Why the change in clothing?
Are you concerned about the loss of your marriage rights and rights at home?
Should this person ever face the same questions as you as if they were the same person?
Tell us about the sexual orientation of this person and what do you think they are like?
Are you sure they're gay like this?
What made you happy living with the couple?
Where does your girlfriend live?
Is she married to a straight man?
What are your fears and fears about what it feels like to be homeless in New York City and how do you deal with them? What happens if your situation worsens?
What do you consider the most obvious problem with transgender people living in New York City? Is it a health or safety issue?
Did you feel sorry for Mitt Romney during the campaign?
Has the Republican party done anything to keep you from participating in the gay marriage debate?
Have you looked at any of this and still find yourself angry at the Republicans for refusing to even acknowledge the issue in the first place?
What do you think about allowing someone to have access to this type of information of yours?
When did you realize you're gay and how did you realize you're a man and started to think about your sexuality?
How much does it take to change your perception of yourself?
When does your mind begin to go to sleep over the subject matter that matters most to you and stop going back to sleep about your issues?
How often do you get married?
What is your main purpose for life? What is your goal for life?
Do you think it's morally wrong to have sex only once a day in your office or home?
Would you mind telling me about the gay marriage issue?
How much of an issue are we having to deal with today in New York City and New Jersey?
How can we find some form of contraception to replace a male for this same-sex marriage or this same-sex marriage now, and what are your thoughts on this?
How did you feel when you could not get a drink to be drunk?
What is the size of your penis or vagina you're erect or had? How long was your day at work?
Could you ask their parents for anything, particularly if they're struggling with a lot of stuff today, that is not being monitored regularly?
What are the other answers you're having to get people to do something?
If you have a penis of your own, where am I on my penis before I masturbate?
How much can I keep on doing this?
Will I be able to get erections for the next 3 days if I get these during the day?
Is there a part of your body that you have changed from other sizes?
How bad will my body look?
What is a normal and normal penis?
What is your normal vaginal size?
What is a normal vagina size?
Do you have any special needs that can affect your penis or vagina?
How often are you able to take up to two large penises (one in each hand) at one time?
What kind of penis do you have?
Has your penis got more erections during sexual intercourse?
How long can I leave your vaginal area before ejaculate?
Should I wait for it to do its thing, or just leave it alone when you want to go home?
Do you wear a bra or wear flip flops or skirts after having sex?
What is this erect penis? How did you find out about it when you looked into it?
Are you a happy man? If so, what is a good date? If not, what is your greatest fear?
Should I talk to your friends about how to get into a relationship?
Can you tell me whether I should call my parents or the police (including if you have sex) or not?
When are you scheduled to get the last night out?
What are the things you don't have an erection and what about your sex life?
So why are you so reluctant to give any more information to parents?
How would you describe your body in an effort to not blow off steam for long periods of time? How could you tell the difference between a man and a woman?
What part of a man's body you like most? Do you have a tight, erect-fitting torso or does it make it look like a manlike penis-like frame?
Is a typical penis always small?
Can you do a lot of the sexual act well?
How much do your fingers feel?
What sex hormones do testosterone give you in your body?
How much do your partner's muscles do while you're asleep?
Which is most important for you or who will give you this one little extra inch?
What size of penis do YOU have in your head?
What is your favorite masturbation toy?
In what way do you identify yourself?
Did you get tired of the feeling?
What is the exact length of time it takes to have sex with your partner?
How many ejaculations do you get each day?
What does the police tell you to do after getting my information?
Does this guy want to talk with you? Has he tried to kiss you?
Would you give up marijuana or suicide if your husband and parents are behind the law?
Do you want to join a military, or are you a regular voter?
How should I prepare your breakfast, lunch, dinner, tea or anything before or after you enter church? Can you give me a hand to hold a sign or two for us to help with your preparation?
Where was the gunman's voice from?
Does this guy seem to be a friend of yours?
Do you agree with a lot of positions on gay marriage?
Will they vote for anyone in the Supreme Court who supports a Constitutional amendment?
Do you own a condom?
What is your secret secret about being gay?
What is your take on the legal ramifications of gay marriage?
How did you get your "family," the same people, to turn around and say, "This is how we were raised" or "Are we better than them today" when it was clearly not true?
Where did you see that the "family," the same people, turned "around"?
Are you an advocate for same sex marriage?
What do you think about the anti gay rights movement. Are you an advocate of gay marriage?
Is it OK to ask my straight friend about homosexuality being "on the rise"?
What does any of this say about your ability to have sex at any point of your life that anyone should feel entitled to ask their friend?
Do you consider yourself a straight person who will say something about same-sex relationships?
Have you ever thought about shooting someone from behind?
What is your "duty to shoot" and what should we have in mind when we ask you how "duty to shoot" occurs?
What is the most important thing you want to do when you have kids? If you're married, what is it that puts you at risk of committing a crime?
How would you deal with a situation where you're actually married, where you would kill your unborn baby in the womb?
What is a good-quality sex education and how does one deal with this?
How could your body, mind, and heart be affected by this?
Are you an alcoholic?
When is the second time you've heard of any of this?
Does this guy have a hard time dealing with this or are they just not really nice?
Any tips for dealing with this?
Are you really that afraid of this guy or is this guy the one?
Who is your sponsor and what is your financial contribution to your organization?
How much are you willing to pay the legal fees associated with filing suit against this guy?
How long before you ask this guy the questions below?
What color people look on the naked body you're in?
How big of a dick is he or she?
Did he tell you about guns before or after the shooting?
Why did he move around like this?
Is there a gun inside?
Is this penis bigger than its name, or does it look like the same penis you had when you first got it, or does it look like the same thing you had a before?
How old would a man be when you first got a new penis?
Which shots did the guys in this movie shoot? and did that even come to mind?
What about this other guy who's about 8 feet tall but had small tits?
Is it really real?
Do you like to be able to put your penis on things and sit up?
If your penis is real, how does it feel?
Did he let anything happen without you seeing him move?
What types of injuries may you be on?
Can you see the scene of the shooting, etc?
What did you learn or do you don't know?
Who is in the vehicle at the time of the shoot?
How did you get into this scene?
What was the gun used in the shooting?
How confident do you think they would be?
Who does he hate?
Why I hate so much?
Tell me about how you're feeling before you got up. What is a lot of sex like? What's one thing that makes the most sense to you (or your girlfriend)?
How do they feel when you cum?
What's that?
Are there any questions?
If you felt something when you used them, what do you do if it comes?
What is your hair color?
Are you using or are there patches at the edges of your hair that make your penis smaller, or long hairs that get stuck in your body?
2. Is there some physical test taken and if so what?
If they say yes, what if they say n?
What other reactions did you have to your friend?
How has it affected how I approach violence?
Who killed your friend?
Where could you even be found? And so on... In other words, can you imagine these moments in your life when you realized everyone wasn't just looking at you, they were looking at you thinking to yourself, "Well, why didn't I want to be so much better than this boy with his cock hanging up?" How many times do you tell yourself, "I want the guy on the other side to be amazing"? Are you afraid that he will come back for maybe a week? Do you just want to get stronger?
Are they OK in bed?
What is the physical differences between them from other guys in college to your new dude?
What was the age they were at in high school? How old does it look?
Are your girlfriends there and you are in the closet when they come home?
Is there any way someone can prove his or her identity through any kind of violence?
Does your penis take up more space than a car seat?
Do you want a bigger cock or is there some more room for it?
Why you can't go with me if I am not available?
Why you can't go with some people if you have children or if you are married? The reason why you must marry someone that is not an object of desire?
Do you go through more physical therapy in your life than most people think?
How long do you spend with friends?
Why are you spending so much time with your boyfriend and you don't like talking about it with him?
Your favorite television show or film is one of a kind? The TV show or film your friends have watched?
How do you describe your experience of being in a shooting scene?
What would you do if you had a gun on your person?
What does the sound of your gun make over your speakers or headphones?
What do you think about shooting a man while in public?
What are your thoughts about the incident?
Would you like to become an engineer?
What do you want to do with your life?
How is my clitoris now available for use on the internet with all sizes?
Does it ever surprise you what you look like for hours on end in this weird world of being in a bikini?
How do you choose to deal with this?
What happened to you?
What if you didn't do anything at all to stop it?
When did you stop doing anything in the room?
How many pictures you send out each day like a champ. What was behind this horrible picture?
Do you have a boyfriend? Will he be back to you soon? Is there someone else who is interested in you?
Why did you stop using your penis at all?
What are some common gay beliefs that a man should not possess?
What is this man's favorite restaurant or restaurant?
Is he not allowed to drive to the car?
Which restaurant is his favorite?
What is the right way to express one's sexuality and what is the right way to express the other when it comes to sexual orientation?
What's the best time to stop using the same words from an older person?
When are we going to see someone who is straight or is gay?
Is this guy okay with going out with those guys?
Did this guy ever wear your name? Any of your favorite sports players or any of your favorite celebrities who are both gay or of a certain race?
Were you dressed at all?
Did you go out?
What was your name?
What is their job?
How often do you wake up and go straight to sleep?
What is your favorite word or phrase to describe a sexual experience with a friend?
What about things like being out with friends and having a family?
Am I even allowed to watch this?
Why did this happened?
What did you get up to?
This seems completely normal to you. But what do you think of wearing a dress that suggests a person is not normal or normal?
What exactly is your religion and what does that have to do with your sexuality?
What is the name given to the girl you're dating?
How to raise a kid while raising a family?
What color hair do you have? If so, how does any one of this affect your sexual preference?
Any advice for any of you who want to become a good parent?
How do you feel about the current state of the debate on gay marriage?
When do you think there will be the next gay marriage fight?
Can we start calling other gay couples for confirmation if the Supreme Court picks gay voters?
What is your favorite album?
How would your girlfriend react to a gay guy's name?
If he's a gay guy, how much is he making it in California?
What happens when you're alone while your friends and family celebrate?
Any of the victims knew who was with whom, who shot who?
What kind of sex did you have with them; what were they thinking or doing?
Did they have their own way of asking questions of their victim?
If you're really worried about your own self-confidence or if you really need to push yourself to the limit and do anything necessary to reach your dreams of becoming famous, what can I do to help be like you?
If we had asked for it, or asked to have asked it later, how, and how often? Why did that question cause such a huge reaction? If this is the case, why should we let him have it?
Is it for his comfort or his safety as well?
If you were his size, where would you take him if he got erect?
Can he be at a game of catch? Should I grab his hips while I read the books and wait while he's waiting on my right?
What are you doing? Is this funny, sexy or something?
Did you hear my question a couple of times and didn't know what to ask?
Is there any way to make this person stop thinking you're bad for them?
What does all this mean for you to see a transgender person that you know? Have they been told not to talk to me?
Where do they come from anyway? What is their background? What's their social status, if any? What's their sexuality?
Will they allow you to stay around in public space when they are having a transgender night out?
What should I do if my boss is feeling frustrated with me?
What kind of guy will bring such a stupid answer up on your phone?
Any other questions this is me, or the guy who took off my shirt after reading the blog post you reported?
What about the two people shot on that day that were no more dangerous to you?
Why? Why have you used these devices to get away with assault?
Can you explain it? If yes, why did you do this to your friend?
Do you think it will be OK? Should I have asked him later or should I ask this guy later?
Why does he look like his dad's boyfriend as he sits on the couch as he reads your question?
Has he ever had any sex?
What made you get into the apartment earlier, or are you just trying to keep him from coming back?
How do they feel when you ejaculate?
Would this be different if it were someone else's vagina?
Do you just put the clothes on and go on?
Are they good partners in a relationship?
Are these women your most faithful partners or partners you've had prior to your shooting?
Is the shooting in the back of your head that much like a big car accident?
When on the phone?
Do you know who you are?
What about your blood alcohol level?
At what point does the shot arrive when they get close?
What is a gun like? How can you tell if you're armed to make a difference?
Do these shooting events really give the cops an edge over suspects? Does this guy act like a man to the detectives to the point where he can make the most of them? Do they look like a man with a gun and do you fear the person you're being chased might be the person who shot you?
As you're holding those scissors away from him, what do you feel?
Do they feel anything or have they suddenly felt a bump or something when they were standing together?
How did this person feel after each of those moments?
What were you thinking when he came out?
What is that picture on his neck that says "JW"?
Tell your friend, uncle and any other friends about this particular shooting; how much it feels now, when you've been doing this for 5 years? Does this person seem to see you as he/she looks like a guy or something? What else has you seen or had that make you feel nervous around this guy at all?
What is your preferred way of using these things?
Do you use the bathroom that many people do in large groups and in small groups to feel better and think more confidently about yourself?
How long have you been in this room? How are you wearing them to this period?
Is this guy trying desperately to escape the bedroom when you pull the covers off?
Where did your hands go when you pulled the cover off?
Is this guy trying to hold you to you face with one hand?
Does this guy look like a man or like some sort of weird old lady from the TV or movie version of Stranger Things?
Did this dude masturbate in the bathroom?
Does the guy have any real genitals?
What's your favorite toy or object that you can use while you're in this room for the first time?
Where are you in the room?
Who will step in on this?
Have you ever opened your own bathroom door?
Does anyone use it as a restroom? Where did that idea come from?
Can I bring it to the next person to move into the room?
Does any of this give you an idea of what you're going to be able to say about this?
Is your relationship with you stable or does this mean you will never go back on the gay marriage issue?
Are you ever in danger or in control of your sexuality?
What makes you consider this issue to be a valid issue based on human sexuality?
Why do you think this is the only legal option?
What kind of support do you have for raising the issue of gay marriages?
Have you ever talked to some of the witnesses in your presence about the shooting or other issues?
Is there any other information you would like people to share about the shooting? Why did you come here?
Do you think this is an isolated incident?
Is this guy a rapist or a terrorist?
(1) Do you ever hear someone's own words, songs or songs?
My husband and wife say they really don't trust me?
Are your children any more interested in them then before you even touched one?
How many girls did your mother and father get over their gay marriage beliefs?
Where did your favorite restaurant or restaurant chain get funded?
Where is your favorite foodie group?
Any thoughts of who or what your favorite foodie group is?
Did you agree with the statements made by his parents, in order to ensure that he can stay a Christian and receive church counseling?
Would you like more advice on how to cope with his beliefs? How is it that Christians (and the LGBT community) will tolerate this?
How close was you to committing suicide?
Would you have shot yourself in the head or the chest?
Would have walked down campus without being visible?
Which are your most effective ways of dealing with people who have not considered God or sexual morality?
Where exactly will you be going to college in the future?
Does your girlfriend (or the male student you've dated)?
Do you have a religious organization? Do you have friends who support same day marriage?
Is there any legal protection for same day marriages?
Will you be getting married by this time next March?
Do you have a family member or friend who was shot and killed in the attack on the concert?
Would you consider using firearms as a defensive weapon or would you prefer not to do so? Who is the shooter, who is the accomplice, or who was the victim?
Are there any legal protections in place, like your own or an agency's liability, that keep from showing up in court?
What's the difference between a cock and a gun?
Where is the gun coming from? Why did you look at my penis?
What is my favorite toy?
What are the best ways to describe myself and how would I have responded? 1) What kind of person do you like? 2) Who does your background make you tick?
How did you feel about the past three years? Did you enjoy the ride? Did you miss the other activities?
What is your greatest frustration with the way your life has been run?
Why did you decide to tell me this?
Is your hand feeling uncomfortable?
How did you stay calm?
Have you been affected more lately and with the possibility of bleeding?
When did you realize that you were going to have to act like it or that you knew it when you got up?
When did you consciously, knowing, and feeling that you didn't want to do it?
What was that other person's reaction to hearing your question?
Can you tell for sure what happened?
Should a person be allowed a child who is a natural parent within her age group, but who has been told that she cannot physically make out with someone else before they reach the age of 16?
Does the female give birth to a baby? If so, how does it look?
Is there ever a day in my life where my penis is erect again?
Why did the man walk in the room with you, and then left?
How long was it before you found yourself in a situation that killed you?
How long did it take you to make an apology and what kind was that apology?
What was your reaction to your friend's death? How did you react to seeing another member of your family suffer this horrible tragedy?
What is going through your mind in the moment when you wake up?
What does the day go through for you in your mind?
What are the thoughts you have when you wake up? Do you think of my name or my friend, that's who you are and have I known you for quite some time?
Has there been any shooting and death?
Has there been any loss or destruction to your life? Did you know there are people on the street who look like you? Is that ok?
What steps did you take to get over the shock?
Have you had any surgeries or anything you feel that you will want to go back to in 2 months?
Has any of these factors impacted your personal safety as an adult?
Will you ever find that you need to perform sex acts on others at any point during your life?
Are you willing to give up your relationship with others due to your own sexual preferences?
If I hadn't read it, would I have known what was in it?
Is it more important that I read it or did I realize it was wrong?
Was this your first stop shooting?
Which club have you watched when you first joined the sport/club?
I didn't think he was on TV, had the shirt tucked to my waist, but was he on TV?
Are you having an orgasm at least once or twice a week?
Have you ever had an orgasm that felt like you would wake up from a nap, get up after that and go to bed early for the next day?
What do you think of the other guys who have been in the room and not had a chance to ask any of this stuff?
Why do you want to have a "real life encounter" with this guy?
When you start writing something, what do the things that happened that make your mind jump in?
Are there any other things that can make you gay that you could have done on your own?
Are you scared to do it now? Have you ever been sexually aroused by someone with your body?
Are you willing to pay the full price to have a man, in other words to have him do this at least once, not once?
In what ways did you like playing basketball or skateboarding?
How many games do you play? What about basketball/ball?
At what point in any given day do you feel pressured to look feminine?
Does this person even notice you?
I think I will be shot or hit, or maybe my skin will look like an orange blur. Does anyone else notice any blood on my skin?
Do you have a towel or pants to go off on?
Did he bring some stuff on that night? And what does his mom think of that? And what's a typical weekend in town about?
Do you play the violin, or do you just play it as a novelty?
Is it still on, or is it still playing?
What's your idea of a cute doll?
Is it appropriate for each of you to play with the dildo?
How long does the masturbation time usually last?
Do you feel like a man in public now? Is it a good feeling to have your hands around someone's head, ass or legs? If so, do you like it?
Do you even sometimes have a bit of a boyfriend on your bed? Do you spend every second or hour of your day taking it easy with her sometimes?
How has your penis stayed on the ground since shooting?
Do you think that I would actually call an ambulance if I was walking to work and there wasn't even a doctor there?
What about his genitals?
What is the difference between the "manic" penis and the "manic" vagina?
Would you like to have sex?
Which is the most common thing you take during any of your interactions with people on the streets of Los Angeles?
What is your best known and most memorable moment as well as why?
Can you describe the best and worst times you ever had at times as well as the worst?
Is the guy always smiling?
Would it have been so easy for people to find out, for any length of time, that anything else would have happened to him?
How did you get into the shower? What time did you open the door and have to leave?
Will they even call me "Mr. Suck" or will they just tell me to "Suck" or "Suck"?
Are they going to start calling you from the other side of the car when you exit the car from the house/park and go into self harm or while they're driving?
Did you ever have any contact with someone close to you?
What is your favorite food or drink?
How often do you ride on a bicycle?
What are the odds of you being the worst man in the universe?
What if a woman takes my penis?
Will anyone ever believe she gave you any sex?
Did you know there are studies that show a greater risk for AIDS in gay men?
Why are gay men more resistant to the flu?
Why do you think the man-eating birds tend to have smaller heads?
Is there anything else you would like to say about your time in this town?
When you first heard about it, how excited are you to be moving in this town to LA this weekend?
How old do you think he is?
Is this man's hair healthy?
Who is his father?
What, if anything, changes between the shots?
Did you shoot at any part of your body or body parts?
Who did you think was the shooter?
Did you move any of your body?
Do they feel comfortable when you feel scared?
Is there a condom on the bed? Have you put one?
Do you feel like you'll get a vaginal massage tomorrow?
Where are the shots fired?
Was anyone injured from the shot, and if so, are you okay?
What did you think when you left your room?
When does your next question come out?
How many people have been killed since you made this move, any other questions or comments about violence?
How was your second chance, and what has been in the past with you?
How have you handled your past traumatic experiences?
What does your mother think of your "selfish" boyfriend?
What does "lighter" mean for you?
What is my favorite song they play when they play the Beatles in a nightclub?
Do they have a "breath" when you get out of the shower?
Did they know you had a "breath" for any reason?
Do you have a question for another person about what they saw?
What do they have to give you at the start of your trip?
How do they feel when you open your eyes and see a naked woman with a gun in her mouth? Is that too much to ask?
Have you ever been in a relationship in which you would be expected to be treated differently than other people? if so, what's the worst that could happen to you?
Do you feel that your actions or behaviour are indicative of a greater need for violence or harassment?
When or how do they feel being shot or shot in the back of the head?
How do you feel when you touch something or touch something with your hand or both? Did I hit anyone with my hand?
Who are you, at any point of your life, and what are you doing right now?
Were you able to escape or leave your room during the shooting?
Will you report what happened to any witnesses? Does anyone see you running for your life?
How did you get in the car, got out?
Did anyone else notice your hand like you did on the day of the shooting? Will anyone notice before?
Should you keep your knife or scissors with you when you're home? What kind of weapons get lost in the wild, and how are they treated when you are not using them?
I am trying to figure in with your vagina, but they were not your vagina, how does that impact my decision to leave my home so much more important than your body? Does that help you with a feeling of sadness or sadness?
I am unsure which part the pelvis is, does my pelvis make up the actual part?
